Add and/or update documentation alt text (#4375)
Napari/napari: docs/tutorials/processing/dask.md

napari.view_image(stack, contrast_limits=[0,2000], multiscale=False)
```

> ![napari viewer with image loaded from dask array showing mCherry-H2B showing chromosome separation during mitosis. Collected on a lattice light sheet microscope.](../assets/tutorials/dask1.webm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![napari viewer with image loaded as a dask array showing mCherry-H2B showing chromosome separation during mitosis. Collected on a lattice light sheet microscope.](../assets/tutorials/dask1.webm)
```

and allows you to preview the result of a relatively complex processing pipeline *on-the-fly*,
for arbitrary timepoints/channels, while storing *only* the raw data on disk.

> ![napari viewer showing same dataset as previous video, demonstrating on-the-fly processing of dask array with sliding through dimensions still preforming reasonably well considering the amount of processing going on as you slice.](../assets/tutorials/dask2.webm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![napari viewer showing the same dataset as the previous video, demonstrating on-the-fly processing of a dask array with sliding through dimensions still performing reasonably well considering the amount of processing going on as you slice.](../assets/tutorials/dask2.webm)
```
